keep the spirit are you bummed to open
in my heart god I pray keep the spirit
of you bunt to move then in my heart god
I pray up Mount Sinai God I pray Oh mom
sauna my lord spoke from this mouth came
fire and smoke round about us the world
looks fun praise must Savior divine the
train of salvation is on the track
brings our safely there and back Bell is
deep and oceans word remember Moses
praise god cried the theme of Mandela
Day 2013 scripture revival is you ban to
philosophy as mr. Mandela promoted the
revival begins at 12 o'clock a.m. july
twenty third and continues for 48 hours
through july 25th 1159 p.m. the event
occurs at facebook Donna's music and at
the Mandela Day website we at Donna's
music are most pleased and honored to
contribute to peace and the betterment
of the world in the u-bahn to tradition
of Nelson Mandela who we do love and
admire we must graciously implore you to
be a part of the celebration of this
wonderful day to honor mr. Mandela
poster scripture you feel reflects the
u-bahn to philosophy of collaborating
communities for shared prosperity of
individuals in South Africa and
worldwide Thank You Donna hice event
sponsor
the spirit of you bun to movin in my
heart what I pray keep the spirit of you
bum to moving in my heart what I pray
the spirit of you bond to is one of an
open society reflecting respect
helpfulness sharing commonality trust
and unselfishness Nelson Mandela
promotes the spirit of you Bantu to
enable the community around him and us
to improve to do this is an achievement
throughout South Africa and worldwide
god bless Nelson Mandela the Spirit of
the Lord is here keep the spirit of you
bum to moving in my heart god I pray
keep the spirit of you bum to moving in
my heart god I pray look 17 and when was
demanded of the Pharisees when the
kingdom of God should come he answered
them and said the kingdom of God cometh
not with observation you shall they say
low here all over there for home the
kingdom of God is within you second
Corinthians 6 chapter working together
with him then we appear to not receive
the grace of God in brain what he says
in a favorable time I listen to you and
in the day of salvation I have helped
you behold now was the favorable time
behold now is the day of salvation we
put no obstacle in anyone's way so that
no fault may be found with our ministry
most us alone in split chapter go for
encourage one another and build each
other up just as in fact you are doing
second Thessalonians chapter two but we
had always to thank God for you brothers
and sisters love by the Lord because God
chose you as first fruits to be saved to
the sanctifying work of the spirit and
to believe in the truth second
Thessalonians therefore I endure
everything for the sake of the elect the
day to may obtain the salvation that is
in Christ Jesus with eternal glory
second Corinthians 12 chapter have you
been thinking all along that we have
been defending ourselves to you we have
been speaking in the sight of God as
those in Christ and everything we do
dear friends is for your strengthening
if easy and spore deny any unwholesome
talk to come out of your mouth but only
what is helpful for building others up
according to their needs that it may
benefit those who listen jew first
chapter but you dear friends by building
yourselves up in your most holy faith
and praying in the holy spirit and await
the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ who
will bring you eternal life in this way
you will keep yourself safe in God's
love keep the spirit of you bun to
moving in my heart keep the spirit of
you bun to moving in my heart lord I
pray keep the spirit of you bum to
moving in my heart what I pray the
trailer salvation Samba Trek brings us
safely there and back there is deep
oceans wide remember most
praise god I cry you bond to
pronunciation is a non Ghani bond to
term roughly translated into human
kindness in South African and Zimbabwe
also you Monty and cha-cha and berto in
Setswana keep the spirit are you open to
moving in my heart god I pray keep the
spirit of you bundle moving in my heart
god I breathe if God elbow calls your
name I am crafting now your mouth
Jesus feel no shame keep your spirit of
you bound to moving in your heart gotta
pray keep the spirit of you bun to
moving in my heart god I pray moving in
my heart what I pray lord I pray